refactor the CI to use per-package workflow config files (#312)
dart-lang/ecosystem: README.md

## Packages

| Package | Description | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [blast_repo](pkgs/blast_repo/) | A tool to bulk validate and fix GitHub repos. |  |
| [corpus](pkgs/corpus/) | A tool to calculate the API usage for a package. |  |
| [dart_flutter_team_lints](pkgs/dart_flutter_team_lints/) | An analysis rule set used by the Dart and Flutter teams. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dart_flutter_team_lints.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/dart_flutter_team_lints) |
| [firehose](pkgs/firehose/) | A tool to automate publishing of Pub packages from GitHub actions. | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firehose.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/firehose) |
| [repo_manage](pkgs/repo_manage/) | Miscellaneous issue, repo, and PR query tools. |  |
| [sdk_triage_bot](pkgs/sdk_triage_bot/) | A triage automation tool for dart-lang/sdk issues. |  |

> | [trebuchet](pkgs/trebuchet/) | A tool for hurling packages into monorepos. |  |

Reviewer: :100:

> | [trebuchet](pkgs/trebuchet/) | A tool for hurling packages into monorepos. |  |

Author: ```suggestion
| [trebuchet](pkgs/trebuchet/) | A tool for moving existing packages into monorepos. |  |
```
